so stop that sounds me something
I heard something like that
zombies only this and maybe not
I heard yes I heard
definitely heard here becomes
a little chilly need to be in the afternoon
go for firewood
the stove will need to heat up and legs
so that warmer st so that it becomes warmer
that the devil heard that sound me
freezes so already here a little hand
warm enough no no really warm okay
must think what to do and all night i don't
I know why I wake up all night
now it's dangerous to go behind a tree what are you
the stove to melt it something to do
need to try for hell zombak then what
dogs but some acquaintance squeezing such
familiar
damn exactly zombak he's here damn he just
here he is now somewhere here under
what can i do can hide
or close it damn
no no no no no no this one
the same sound
voice is the very block that i'm sorry
features shackle no no I can not be that Peter
now I can't do it here
It seems he found me maybe he just did not
crawls here but he's easy
hell not hear me maybe he can not
in the tracks broke everything and went here here
here there will not be .
This he about broke the hell have me
a gun
better not come to me the devil he broke
he chased away he broke my barrier that i
so the fact that I will not survive need to climb
higher I know that to me
you know there's a gun can
scared of a gun don't know damn it
broke my door easily with ease then
that tusk and he scored all weak
weakly
that press would like to poke from him
circles without help
an hour of hell is he writing
goes pieces of thread i feel it rides
what to do because it would get
as high as possible this is the benefit of all 6
do the damn write was the very top on
the top forgot highly nobody
jump off what to do but someone
hide here I'll be here here he
don't get here wait to hell
they really can not handle and wild features
take it